src/docs/01_introduction_and_goals.adoc, before:

[[section-introduction-and-goals]]
== Introduction and Goals

****
The goal of this project is to create ViaDe. ViaDe is a decentralized route management system based on SOLID specifications and created using the React framework. 
****

=== Requirements Overview

****
* Decentralized route management. 
* Users can store the routes on their own pods. 
* Users are able to view the routes on a map. 
* Users are allowed to share photos, videos or other files with their friends. 
* Notifications can be enabled to notify when a friend wants to share a route. 
* Users may have groups of friends with whom they may want to share a route. 
* Interoperability with other route management systems: it should be possible to see the routes loaded by users who are using a different app. 

.Optional features
* The system could work on a mobile device. 
* Users could share their routes in real time as they are doing the routes. 
****

=== Quality Goals

[cols="^,^3"]
|===

|*Priority* |*Goal*

|1 |[.underline]#Security and privacy#: There should be no vulnerable points. 

|2 |[.underline]#Independence online#:  Decentralized architecture in which data is separated from the application 

|3 |[.underline]#Usability#: Easy to use by begginers and non-technical users. 

|4 |[.underline]#Efficiency#: Answer's capacity. 


|===

*Descending order


=== Stakeholders

[cols="^,^2,^2"]
|===

|*Role/Name* |*Contact* |*Expectations*

|Development Team |Team who creates the application |Creation of a well-functioning app

|Users |People who is going to use the app  |To record, search and share their routes 

|Teachers |Teachers of the subject of ASW  |Supervise the project and make sure that the requirements are accomplish 

|Inrup Team |Owners of the idea |Evaluate the result of the final application 

|===

Commit message:

Quality goals with priorities (high, medium, low)

src/docs/01_introduction_and_goals.adoc, after:

[[section-introduction-and-goals]]
== Introduction and Goals

****
The goal of this project is to create ViaDe. ViaDe is a decentralized route management system based on SOLID specifications and created using the React framework. 
****

=== Requirements Overview

****
* Decentralized route management. 
* Users can store the routes on their own pods. 
* Users are able to view the routes on a map. 
* Users are allowed to share photos, videos or other files with their friends. 
* Notifications can be enabled to notify when a friend wants to share a route. 
* Users may have groups of friends with whom they may want to share a route. 
* Interoperability with other route management systems: it should be possible to see the routes loaded by users who are using a different app. 

.Optional features
* The system could work on a mobile device. 
* Users could share their routes in real time as they are doing the routes. 
****

=== Quality Goals

[cols="^,^3,^3"]
|===

|*Ref* |*Goal* |*Priority*

|1 |[.underline]#Security and privacy#: There should be no vulnerable points. |Medium, Medium

|2 |[.underline]#Independence online#:  Decentralized architecture in which data is separated from the application  |High, Medium

|3 |[.underline]#Usability#: Easy to use by begginers and non-technical users. |High, Low

|4 |[.underline]#Efficiency#: Answer's capacity. |Medium, Medium


|===


=== Stakeholders

[cols="^,^2,^2"]
|===

|*Role/Name* |*Contact* |*Expectations*

|Development Team |Team who creates the application |Creation of a well-functioning app

|Users |People who is going to use the app  |To record, search and share their routes 

|Teachers |Teachers of the subject of ASW  |Supervise the project and make sure that the requirements are accomplish 

|Inrup Team |Owners of the idea |Evaluate the result of the final application 

|===
