src/docs/10_quality_scenarios.adoc, before:

[[section-quality-scenarios]]
== Quality Requirements


[role="arc42help"]
****

.Content
This section contains all quality requirements as quality tree with scenarios. The most important ones have already been described in section 1.2. (quality goals)

Here you can also capture quality requirements with lesser priority,
which will not create high risks when they are not fully achieved.

.Motivation
Since quality requirements will have a lot of influence on architectural
decisions you should know for every stakeholder what is really important to them,
concrete and measurable.
****

=== Quality Tree

****
image:doc10_qualityTree.png[]
****

[role="arc42help"]
****
.Content
The quality tree (as defined in ATAM – Architecture Tradeoff Analysis Method) with quality/evaluation scenarios as leafs.

.Motivation
The tree structure with priorities provides an overview for a sometimes large number of quality requirements.

.Form
The quality tree is a high-level overview of the quality goals and requirements:

* tree-like refinement of the term "quality". Use "quality" or "usefulness" as a root
* a mind map with quality categories as main branches

In any case the tree should include links to the scenarios of the following section.
****

=== Quality Scenarios

The following quality scenarios are studied in a global way, since as it has not yet entered into details of implementation can not be made more specific yet.


|===
^.^|Quality ^.^|Scenario

^.^|Privacy ^.^|Use a Solid PODs and Solid specifications
.2+^.^|Security ^.^|Access control, 
the application must have a strong access control to avoid bad practices ^.^| Data security with Solid PODs
^.^| Usability ^.^| The application must be easy to use, intuitive for inexperienced users
^.^|Efficiency ^.^| The application must respond in short times to make it more dynamic.
.2+^.^|Robustness ^.^| Robustness in terms of the number of users that will operate on it ^.^| Robustness in terms of persistence
^.^|Accesibility ^.^| The application must be accessible to all people
.2+^.^|Simplicity ^.^|Application with a simple interface ^.^|
Easy to use application for the user without prior knowledge
^.^|Maintainability ^.^|Maintainable and upgradeable, making use of good designs
^.^|Availability ^.^|The application must be accessible at any time
^.^|Interoperability ^.^|Interoperability between different route management systems
^.^|Testability ^.^| Exhaustive tests that verify the perfect operation of the application before being launched
|===



[role="arc42help"]
****
.Contents
Concretization of (sometimes vague or implicit) quality requirements using (quality) scenarios.

These scenarios describe what should happen when a stimulus arrives at the system.

For architects, two kinds of scenarios are important:

* Usage scenarios (also called application scenarios or use case scenarios) describe the system’s runtime reaction to a certain stimulus. This also includes scenarios that describe the system’s efficiency or performance. Example: The system reacts to a user’s request within one second.
* Change scenarios describe a modification of the system or of its immediate environment. Example: Additional functionality is implemented or requirements for a quality attribute change.

.Motivation
Scenarios make quality requirements concrete and allow to
more easily measure or decide whether they are fulfilled.

Especially when you want to assess your architecture using methods like
ATAM you need to describe your quality goals (from section 1.2)
more precisely down to a level of scenarios that can be discussed and evaluated.

.Form
Tabular or free form text.
****

Commit message:

Center cells and added a priority

src/docs/10_quality_scenarios.adoc, after:

[[section-quality-scenarios]]
== Quality Requirements


[role="arc42help"]
****

.Content
This section contains all quality requirements as quality tree with scenarios. The most important ones have already been described in section 1.2. (quality goals)

Here you can also capture quality requirements with lesser priority,
which will not create high risks when they are not fully achieved.

.Motivation
Since quality requirements will have a lot of influence on architectural
decisions you should know for every stakeholder what is really important to them,
concrete and measurable.
****

=== Quality Tree

****
image:doc10_qualityTree.png[]
****

[role="arc42help"]
****
.Content
The quality tree (as defined in ATAM – Architecture Tradeoff Analysis Method) with quality/evaluation scenarios as leafs.

.Motivation
The tree structure with priorities provides an overview for a sometimes large number of quality requirements.

.Form
The quality tree is a high-level overview of the quality goals and requirements:

* tree-like refinement of the term "quality". Use "quality" or "usefulness" as a root
* a mind map with quality categories as main branches

In any case the tree should include links to the scenarios of the following section.
****

=== Quality Scenarios

The following quality scenarios are studied in a global way, since as it has not yet entered into details of implementation can not be made more specific yet.


|===
|Quality |Scenario | Priority

|Privacy |Use a Solid PODs and Solid specifications | High
|Security |Access control, 
the application must have a strong access control to avoid bad practices | High
|Security| Data security with Solid PODs | High
| Usability | The application must be easy to use, intuitive for inexperienced users | Medium
|Efficiency | The application must respond in short times to make it more dynamic. | Medium
|Robustness | Robustness in terms of the number of users that will operate on it  | High
|Robustness| Robustness in terms of persistence | High
|Accesibility | The application must be accessible to all people | High
|Simplicity |Application with a simple interface | High 
|Simplicity|Easy to use application for the user without prior knowledge | High
|Maintainability |Maintainable and upgradeable, making use of good designs | High
|Availability |The application must be accessible at any time | High
|Interoperability |Interoperability between different route management systems | High
|Testability | Exhaustive tests that verify the perfect operation of the application before being launched | High
|===



[role="arc42help"]
****
.Contents
Concretization of (sometimes vague or implicit) quality requirements using (quality) scenarios.

These scenarios describe what should happen when a stimulus arrives at the system.

For architects, two kinds of scenarios are important:

* Usage scenarios (also called application scenarios or use case scenarios) describe the system’s runtime reaction to a certain stimulus. This also includes scenarios that describe the system’s efficiency or performance. Example: The system reacts to a user’s request within one second.
* Change scenarios describe a modification of the system or of its immediate environment. Example: Additional functionality is implemented or requirements for a quality attribute change.

.Motivation
Scenarios make quality requirements concrete and allow to
more easily measure or decide whether they are fulfilled.

Especially when you want to assess your architecture using methods like
ATAM you need to describe your quality goals (from section 1.2)
more precisely down to a level of scenarios that can be discussed and evaluated.

.Form
Tabular or free form text.
****
