src/docs/12_glossary.adoc, before:

[[section-glossary]]
== Glossary



[role="arc42help"]
****
.Contents
The most important domain and technical terms that your stakeholders use when discussing the system.

You can also see the glossary as source for translations if you work in multi-language teams.

.Motivation
You should clearly define your terms, so that all stakeholders

* have an identical understanding of these terms
* do not use synonyms and homonyms

.Form
A table with columns <Term> and <Definition>.

Potentially more columns in case you need translations.

****

[options="header"]
|===
| Term         | Definition
| Asciidoctor | Is a human-readable document format, semantically equivalent to DocBook XML, but using plain-text mark-up conventions. AsciiDoc documents can be created using any text editor and read "as-is", or rendered to HTML or any other format supported by a DocBook tool-chain, i.e. PDF, TeX, Unix manpages, e-books, slide presentations, etc.
[Official Website: https://asciidoctor.org/]
| Arc 42        | Template divided in 12 sections for architecture communication and documentation [Official Website: https://arc42.org/]
| JavaScript   | JavaScript often abbreviated as JS. Is a high-level interpreted programming language, that conforms to the ECMAScript specification
| OpenStreetMap API  | OpenStreetMap (OSM) is a collaborative project to create a free editable map of the world. OpenStreetMap has an editing API for fetching and saving raw geodata from/to the OpenStreetMap database [Official Website: https://www.openstreetmap.org]
| React JS     | Is a JavaScript library for building user interfaces. It is maintained by Facebook and a community of individual developers and companies [Official Website: https://reactjs.org]
| RDF           | Resource Description Framework is a specification that defines how metadata, or descriptive information, should be formatted. This means the data can be transmitted in various syntaxes like JSON-LD (JSON with a "context")
| Solid         | Derived from "social linked data", is a proposed set of conventions and tools for building decentralized social applications based on Linked Data principles [Official Website: https://solid.mit.edu/]
| Solid POD | Derived from "Personal Online Data", it's user's personal storage space, user decides which things apps and people can see. [Official Website, where you can get a POD: https://solid.inrupt.com/get-a-solid-pod]
| WebStorm | Integrated Development Environment created by JetBrains used for JavaScript development.
|===

Commit message:

Center the cell's and add the Wikiloc term

src/docs/12_glossary.adoc, after:

[[section-glossary]]
== Glossary



[role="arc42help"]
****
.Contents
The most important domain and technical terms that your stakeholders use when discussing the system.

You can also see the glossary as source for translations if you work in multi-language teams.

.Motivation
You should clearly define your terms, so that all stakeholders

* have an identical understanding of these terms
* do not use synonyms and homonyms

.Form
A table with columns <Term> and <Definition>.

Potentially more columns in case you need translations.

****

[options="header"]
|===
^.^| Term         ^.^| Definition
^.^| Asciidoctor ^.^| Is a human-readable document format, semantically equivalent to DocBook XML, but using plain-text mark-up conventions. AsciiDoc documents can be created using any text editor and read "as-is", or rendered to HTML or any other format supported by a DocBook tool-chain, i.e. PDF, TeX, Unix manpages, e-books, slide presentations, etc.
[Official Website: https://asciidoctor.org/]
^.^| Arc 42        ^.^| Template divided in 12 sections for architecture communication and documentation [Official Website: https://arc42.org/]
^.^| JavaScript   ^.^| JavaScript often abbreviated as JS. Is a high-level interpreted programming language, that conforms to the ECMAScript specification
^.^| OpenStreetMap API  ^.^| OpenStreetMap (OSM) is a collaborative project to create a free editable map of the world. OpenStreetMap has an editing API for fetching and saving raw geodata from/to the OpenStreetMap database [Official Website: https://www.openstreetmap.org]
^.^| React JS     ^.^| Is a JavaScript library for building user interfaces. It is maintained by Facebook and a community of individual developers and companies [Official Website: https://reactjs.org]
^.^| RDF           ^.^| Resource Description Framework is a specification that defines how metadata, or descriptive information, should be formatted. This means the data can be transmitted in various syntaxes like JSON-LD (JSON with a "context")
^.^| Solid         ^.^| Derived from "social linked data", is a proposed set of conventions and tools for building decentralized social applications based on Linked Data principles [Official Website: https://solid.mit.edu/]
^.^| Solid POD ^.^| Derived from "Personal Online Data", it's user's personal storage space, user decides which things apps and people can see. [Official Website, where you can get a POD: https://solid.inrupt.com/get-a-solid-pod]
^.^| WebStorm ^.^| Integrated Development Environment created by JetBrains used for JavaScript development.
^.^| Wikiloc ^.^| Wikiloc is a mashup where geo-referenced outdoor routes and points of interest from around the world can be stored and shared. [Official Website:  https://es.wikiloc.com/]
|===
